Update Developer Guide (#106)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Manual Command

#### Description

The `manual` command displays the format for a specified command and a short description for a particular command. Since the field is not compulsory during the execution of the `manual` command, the user's input is being parsed in `ManualCommandParser`. After which, a new `ManualCommand` object will be created, and is executed by the `LogicManager`.

#### Implementation
1. Upon receiving the user input, the `LogicManager` starts to parse the given input text using `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`.
2. The `AddressBookParser` invokes the respective `Parser` based on the first word of the input text.

> 3. Since the first word in the user input matches the word "manual", `AddressBookParser#parseCommand(arguments)` will be called. In this case, the arguments refer to the remaining input text after the exclusion of the command word "manual".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Since the first word in the user input matches the word "manual", `ManualCommandParser#parse(arguments)` will be called. In this case, the arguments refer to the remaining input text after the exclusion of the command word "manual".
```

    <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source:
    **Note:** A ParseException will be thrown if the argument is invalid.
    </div>

4. The supplied argument will be trimmed using `String#trim()`.

> 5. The `ManualCommandParser` will create a new `ManualCommand` using the (`argument` in Step 3) and returned to `LogicManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The `ManualCommandParser` will create a new `ManualCommand` (using the `argument` in Step 4), which will be returned to `LogicManager`.
```

6. The `LogicManager` will call `ManualCommand#execute(Model model)`. If the `argument` is invalid, a `CommandException` will be thrown.
7. Lastly, the `ManualCommand` will create a new `CommandResult` which will be returned to `LogicManager`.

The following sequence diagram shows how the manual command works:

![ManualCommandSequenceDiagram](images/ManualCommandSequenceDiagram.png)

### Mark Command

#### Description

> The `mark` command marks a specific undone task as done for a particular student. Since all the fields are compulsory during the execution of the `mark` command, the user's input is being parsed in `AddressBookParser`. After which, a new `MarkCommand` object will be created, and is executed by the `LogicManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mark` command marks a specific undone task as done for a particular student. During the execution of the `mark` command, the user's input is being parsed in `AddressBookParser`. After which, a new `MarkCommand` object will be created, and is executed by the `LogicManager`.
```

#### Implementation
1. Upon receiving the user input, the `LogicManager` starts to parse the given input text using `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`.
2. The `AddressBookParser` invokes the respective `Parser` based on the first word of the input text.

> 3. Since the first word in the user input matches the word "mark", `AddressBookParser#parseCommand(arguments)` will be called. In this case, the arguments refer to the remaining input text after the exclusion of the command word "mark".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Since the first word in the user input matches the word "mark", `MarkCommandParser#parse(arguments)` will be called. In this case, the arguments refer to the remaining input text after the exclusion of the command word "mark".
```

8. The `MarkCommandParser` will pass the index input (found in the `ArgumentMultiMap`) into `ParserUtil#parseIndex(Index index)`.
    <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source:
    **Note:** A NullException will be thrown if the supplied string argument is null.
    </div>

9. In `ParserUtil#parseStudentId(Index index)`, the supplied argument will be trimmed using `String#trim()`.
10. `Index#isValidId(Index index)` will then be invoked, which checks if the trimmed argument is valid (according to the Regex supplied). If the argument is valid, a new `Index` object will be created and returned to the `MarkCommandParser`. If the argument is not valid, a `ParseException` will be thrown.
11. The `MarkCommandParser` will create a new `MarkCommand` object using the `StudentId` and `Index` created in Step 7 and 10 respectively.
12. The `LogicManager` will then call `MarkCommand#execute(Model model)`.

> 13. The `MarkCommand` will call `model.markTaskOfPerson(Student studentId, Index index)`, which marks the task (corresponding to the supplied index) of the given student as done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. The `MarkCommand` will call `model#markTaskOfPerson(Student studentId, Index index)`, which marks the task (corresponding to the supplied index) of the given student as done.
```

    <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source:
    **Note:** A CommandException will be thrown if the supplied index or studentId is invalid, or if the task is already marked as completed.
    </div>
    
14. Lastly, the `MarkCommand` will create a new `CommandResult`, which will be returned to `LogicManager`

The following sequence diagrams shows how the mark command works:

![MarkCommandSequenceDiagram](images/MarkCommandSequenceDiagram-1.png)

![MarkCommandSequenceDiagram](images/MarkCommandSequenceDiagram-2.png)

### Unmark Command

#### Description

> The `unmark` command marks a specific done task as undone for a particular student. Since all the fields are compulsory during the execution of the `unmark` command, the user's input is being parsed in `AddressBookParser`. After which, a new `UnmarkCommand` object will be created, and is executed by the `LogicManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `unmark` command marks a specific done task as undone for a particular student. During the execution of the `unmark` command, the user's input is being parsed in `AddressBookParser`. After which, a new `UnmarkCommand` object will be created, and is executed by the `LogicManager`.
```

#### Implementation
1. Upon receiving the user input, the `LogicManager` starts to parse the given input text using `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`.
2. The `AddressBookParser` invokes the respective `Parser` based on the first word of the input text.

> 3. Since the first word in the user input matches the word "unmark", `AddressBookParser#parseCommand(arguments)` will be called. In this case, the arguments refer to the remaining input text after the exclusion of the command word "unmark".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Since the first word in the user input matches the word "unmark", `UnmarkCommandParser#parse(arguments)` will be called. In this case, the arguments refer to the remaining input text after the exclusion of the command word "unmark".
```

8. The `UnmarkCommandParser` will pass the index input (found in the `ArgumentMultiMap`) into `ParserUtil#parseIndex(Index index)`.
    <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source:
    **Note:** A NullException will be thrown if the supplied string argument is null.
    </div>

9. In `ParserUtil#parseStudentId(Index index)`, the supplied argument will be trimmed using `String#trim()`.
10. `Index#isValidId(Index index)` will then be invoked, which checks if the trimmed argument is valid (according to the Regex supplied). If the argument is valid, a new `Index` object will be created and returned to the `UnmarkCommandParser`. If the argument is not valid, a `ParseException` will be thrown.
11. The `UnmarkCommandParser` will create a new `UnmarkCommand` object using the `StudentId` and `Index` created in Step 7 and 10 respectively.
12. The `LogicManager` will then call `UnmarkCommand#execute(Model model)`.

> 13. The `UnmarkCommand` will call `model.unmarkTaskOfPerson(Student studentId, Index index)`, which marks the task (corresponding to the supplied index) of the given student as undone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. The `UnmarkCommand` will call `model#unmarkTaskOfPerson(Student studentId, Index index)`, which marks the task (corresponding to the supplied index) of the given student as undone.
```
